So at the end of the last lecture I've told you that there is another way of assigning attributes to
do an eloquent model.
So instead of assigning the attributes one by one we can assign them at once.
It is called a mass assignment so let's remove this part we can also remove this dump.
And now since we already have validated data as an array we can create a new blog post using a method
of the blog post model itself.
So instead of manually creating a new model and saving it we can use the static methods of the blog
post and the method name is called create.
So this create method will accept an array where the key is the attribute or Field's name and the value
of this all right element is the value that should be stored.
So you could pass validated data and then you do not have to call save because it is automatically called
for you.
So you can see that now our store method is much shorter and simpler.
So let's save the changes and see what happens now.
So let's go back to the form and try to save a model which has some valid data inside the forum.
So now what we see was expected.
So we have an error that we cannot store title using the mass assignment.
And this is a feature of the eloquent models in light of all that to do a mass assignment like specify
all the properties at once.
You have to modify the block post model and you have to specify which properties are filial.
So this protects you from having the properties that you do not want modified by some malicious requests.
So let's take a look at how our blog post looks right now.
So let's check the structure.
So we have the title the content those are the properties that we want modified but we do not want the
users to send the created and updated out and additionally if we'll have any other fields that we do
not want to give users permission to modify it might also be modified if any data that is passed would
automatically be populated to a model.
So to define which properties can be changed we have to define protect that field called.
And this would be an array that will specify the column names which can be modified by mass assignment.
So we want this to be title and content only.
Now let's save the changes and go back to our application and let's try sending this form once more.
Now you can see that we have created our brand new blog post and we've only used the create method and
past the array we've already validated data.
So there is like two levels of security.
First we validate the data if it is the way we expect it and then we must assign it.
So in this case maybe you can see why we are doing that because we've only had two fields to modify
but let's imagine a model that might have 10 fields.
So you will basically have 10 more lines of code which basically can do the same thing automatically
when you must assign this data.
So remember that everything that you want to be modifiable and must assign a will actually not modifiable
must assign Nabel you have to specify those fields inside the fill level property of your models.